Combine psql pages into one (#3677)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/integrations/observability-alerting/grafana.md

import GrafanaConnect from "versionContent/_partials/_grafana-connect.mdx";

# Grafana

> You can use [Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/) to monitor, visualize, and perform analytics on the data stored in your database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/) enables you to query, visualize, alert on, and explore your metrics, logs, and traces wherever they’re stored.
```
This is from the Grafana docs, much easier :-).
